system-variables: add doc for tidb_expensive_txn_time_threshold (#13848)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

    - Slow logs are printed after the statement is executed.
    - Expensive query logs print the statements that are being executed, with execution time exceeding the threshold value, and their related information.

> ### tidb_expensive_txn_time_threshold

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### tidb_expensive_txn_time_threshold <span class="version-mark">New in v7.2.0</span>
```

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> **Note:**
>
> This TiDB variable is not applicable to TiDB Cloud.

</CustomContent>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: No, only applicable to the current TiDB instance that you are connecting to.
- Type: Integer
- Default value: `600`
- Range: `[60, 2147483647]`
- Unit: Seconds

> - This variable sets the threshold for logging expensive transactions. An expensive transaction is one that is neither committed nor rolled back, and the duration of the transaction exceeds this threshold.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable controls the threshold for logging expensive transactions, which is 600 seconds by default. When the duration of a transaction exceeds the threshold, and the transaction is neither committed nor rolled back, it is considered an expensive transaction and will be logged.
```

> - This variable is used to set the threshold value that determines whether to print expensive txn logs. Expensive txn logs print the related information of transactions that have not been committed or rollback and the duration of the transaction exceeds the threshold value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable sets the threshold for logging expensive transactions. An expensive transaction is one that is neither committed nor rolled back, and the duration of the transaction exceeds this threshold.
```
